Add link to kernel docs for ftrace (#9211)
netdata/netdata: collectors/ebpf.plugin/README.md

```

If they are already mounted, you will see an error. You can also configure your system's `/etc/fstab` configuration to

> mount these filesystems on startup. More information can be found [here](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/trace/ftrace.txt).

Reviewer: Let's use some more descriptive text for the link itself. Thanks for this contribution!

```suggestion
mount these filesystems on startup. More information can be found in the [ftrace documentation](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/trace/ftrace.txt).
```
